so now for more than eight months Israel
has destroyed all aspects of life in
Gaza from north to south homes
neighborhoods and communities have just
been flattened the death toll in gansa
has now passed 37,000 during recent
weeks Israeli forces have intensified
their attacks on the central region
refugee camps in its largest city of
daraba have all been targeted and as you
can see on this map they're all very
close to each other and tens of
thousands of people from the North and
the South have been forced to seek
refuge in the
wed people have been pouring into the
last remaining major medical facility in
the strip that is alaxa Hospital Israeli
bombs have struck several houses in and
around the Central City of darab Bala
killing six people including children
tanks also shell parts of the Al makazi
and our nerat refugee camps let's go
straight away to Central Gaza we can
speak live to hindel karri who's uh
outside alaxa Hospital in darab Bala and
alaxa of course a very baguer medical
fac tell us more about the latest
situation
there okay let's start in Al OA hospital
where at least eight bodies from the
eastern part of der balah were
transferred they were con decomposed
bodies that the civil defense teams were
able to reach that area after days of
the Israeli forces stationed very close
to the fence border of
East there they have been newsed that
they withdrew from that area but
according to eyewitnesses they are
reallocating because some people try to
go back to their homes and the Israelis
started uh uh shooting uh live
ammunition on these people uh more
injuries are coming to Al AA Hospital
also the civil defense teams are also
searching for bodies and rescuing people
either trapped under the rubble or
people who are killed in the streets and
they're bringing more bodies into alaka
Hospital which is already overwhelmed o
o o overcrowded working with only with
one generator uh very L low on fuel and
medical supplies moving to ra there has
been a couple of um uh shooting near Al
roundabout and this was a place where
thousands of hundreds of refugees were
seeking Refuge there um this is one uh
uh uh of the places that was overcrowded
some people were there and the Israeli
forces started uh firing on these people
where at least 30 Palestinians were
injured and because there has been no
hospitals in uh RAF they were
transferred to uh the European Hospital
in kenun also uh the artillery shelling
is still intensifying on uh the Eastern
parts of the middle area we're talking
about Al magazi alra
andah hen what is the situation uh with
supplies getting into Gaza especially
now that we hear that the wfp has paused
its distribution of aid from uh the US
built
Pier well the aid coming into Gaza is
very little especially after the RAF
incursion started around a month ago
we're talking about a floating Pier that
is already has been suspending its H its
operations because it was hit by a storm
2 weeks ago we know that the wfp is
working on behalf of the United Nations
where the logistic clusters are working
on picking up this Aid delivering it
inside the gole strip and then
Distributing it to the partners but this
uh uh shows and it is also helping the
spread of famine Palestinians are saying
that Aid is not reaching them since Rafa
all of the Palestinians who were
displaced from Rafa to the central area
came without food without their stock
because uh they were displaced Under
Fire they were forced to evacuate and
they did not have time to take their
food um the markets are very expensive
we do not see the products that were
used to be uh on uh uh in the markets
and it's very obvious that uh people are
only having only one meal per day and
and and and and this is helping people
to to people are telling us that they
are are not able to find food and
striving to feed their children every
single day yeah it's a desperate
situation it just goes on and on hin
thanks for that hin c either in
Gaza make sure to subscribe our channel
to get the latest news from aler